[Music]
who ever served in an infantry unit
sunny no sir ever served in a forward
area no sir
ever put your life in another man's
hands ask him to put his life in yours
no sir we follow orders son we follow
orders or people die it's that simple
are we clear yes sir
are we clear Christie
all those having business with this
general court-martial stand forward and
you shall be heard facts the case of
these on midnight of September 6 the
accused entered the barracks room of
their platoon mate they woke him up tied
his arms and legs with tapes forth the
rag
into his throat few minutes later a
chemical reaction caused his lungs to
begin bleeding he drowned in his own
blood and was pronounced dead at 37
minutes past midnight do you think
Santiago was murdered
private Santiago is dead and that is a
tragedy but he is dead because he had no
coat he is dead because he had no honor
and God was watching how do you feel
about that theory sounds good to me
well knock it all down to involuntary
manslaughter no deal we're going to
court no you're not why not cuz you'll
lose you want to investigate me roll the
dice and take your chances I eat
breakfast 300 yards from 4,000 Cubans
who are trained to kill me so don't
think for one second you can come down
here flash a badge and make me nervous
you men follow orders or people die you
want answers I think I'm entitled you
want answers
you can't handle the truth son we live
in a world that has walls and those
walls have to be guarded by men with
guns who's gonna do it you that this
case is handled in the same fast-food
slick-ass Persian Bazaar manner which
you seem to handle everything else and
something's gonna get missed in the
heart of the nation's capital in a
courthouse of the United States
government one man will stop at nothing
to keep his honor
and one will stop at nothing to find the
truth
[Music]